Delegation Parameter updates (#56)
Concordium/concordium-ledger-app: doc/ins_update_authorizations.md

* Update level 2 keys using root keys
* Update level 2 keys using level 1 keys

Key update types: 

> * Key update type 2 is using lvl1 keys, 3 is using root keys
> (Note that this is different than V0, where 1 where lvl1 and 2 where root)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Key update type 2 is using level 1 keys and 3 is using root keys. Note that this is different from `V0` where 1 was level 1 keys and 2 was root keys.
```

* Update level 2 keys using root keys
* Update level 2 keys using level 1 keys

the transactions each have two versions, which is decided using P2:

> * P2 = 0, contains the authorizations in procotol versions <=3

Reviewer: I do not believe that it is necessary to support both versions, as users just have to upgrade their Ledger after the update to protocol version 4. As we have a space constraint we should just support version 4, and not both.
